[arrival]

There was a bright flash of light.  The group found themselves standing in a glen, carpeted with a blue-green grass.  The trees surrounding it 
towered over them, branches stretching out, shading the glen, all but the center where the party stood, exposed in a ray of sunlight.  At first it 
appeared that they were alone, but as their eyes adjusted, it became apparent that they were surrounded by elves, all going about, intent on whatever 
tasks that elves immerse themselves in.  But these elves were no longer scurrying around, not that an elf can ever be said to scurry, at least not to 
his face.  These had stopped, and were staring at the party with wide eyes, perhaps in surprise, or perhaps not.  One can never really tell with an 
elf, and hazarding a guess can be, well, hazardous.  Liquid sounds, perhaps mistaken for water flowing down a stream, had ceased, and only in the 
cessation did it become apparent that these were the voices of the elven community that now surrounded them.

The stillness lasted only an instant, an instant that seeming to stretch itself thin, like a rubber band being pulled taut by two children, each intent 
upon outdoing the other.  The elven sage, the one that had cast the spell that brought the party here, coughed, and the moment was broken, gone into 
the nether regions to which such moments go.  The glen exploded with activity, many elves moving toward the group, and seemedly, just as many elves 
retreated away from the group, to disappear among the trees.  Shouts rang out, and swords flashed in the sunlight as armed warriors moved toward the 
group.  They moved at a deceptively lanquid pace, and yet were among the group in an instant.

What appeared to be an argument broke out, but was so short that those of the party that saw it were uncertain whether it had even happened at all.  
The swords were sheathed, and hands guided the party out of the sunlight and into the shade.  They were taken between two trees, and into a structure 
that could itself have been mistaken for a tree, if not for the opening through which the party moved.  A table stood in the center of the space, 
surrounded by chairs while beds lined two of the walls.  One of the elven guides spoke in Common, telling the party to rest, and that food would be 
brought.  No sooner had the words been spoken, food was brought and laid out on the table along with an earthen jar filled with a bright green 
liquid that proved to have a flavor that changed even as it was consumed, leaving an aftertaste that was different with each drink, and yet also the 
same as well, if that is to be believed.  The food itself seemed to consist mostly of fruits, nuts, and vegetables, both raw and cooked.  There was meat 
as well, though not in abundance.  

The sounds of the elven language seemed to reverberate from the outside.  A elf, tall even for a tall race, entered and told the party that it would be 
best if they remained here for a time.  He refused to answer any questions, stating simply that it was the only way the safety of the party could be 
assured, and that guards would be posted to prevent "the interference of the more radical elements".  Later, elves came to replenish the food and drink.  
Others brought clothes.  The mountains had taken a severe toil on the ones the party was wearing, and the elven clothing was such that it appeared to be 
made of silk and yet proved to be far more durable than silk had any right to be.  These elves proved to be far more willing to talk, but it soon become 
apparent that they had no solid information about the fate of the party, other than to say that the elders were meeting, and to assure the party that, 
at the very least, that they would be provided with conveyance to a "human settlement".


[recovery]

The next morning, several elves came visiting.



[greeting]
[training]
[meeting]
[departure]
